Adeeko Iyabode
Secretary/Cashier - Faab Investmnents Limted
Lagos, GU
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Adeeko-Iyabode/fb0009dd3515d09e
Methodical worker, Self Driven, Service Oriented & A Team Player, Very confident and Flexible,
Honesty and Dedication, Very used to working under pressure, Excellent communication skills, Ability
to adapt to changes, Well organized and High attention to detail, . 
 
Personal Attributes/Skills: 
A dynamic and dogged professional, with ability to acquire new skills within short period, a goal getter
who operates with little or no supervision. Ability to work effectively under pressure.
Work Experience
Secretary/Cashier
Faab Investmnents Limted
January 2011 to Present
Issuing of cash invoice receipt to customers
- Collection of monies/tellers from customers and doing confirmation from bank before ordering release
of products to them.
- Balancing of account books at the end of each day's transactions.
- Preparation of monthly report of the company.
- General typing in the company.
Data Analyst
Patrioni Limited
January 2010 to December 2010
Collection of sales money, issuing of receipt and lodgment of monies and cheques to
Bank.
- Weekly update of subscribers' data
- Weekly printing of dispatch manifest
- Weekly report of activities in the department
- General typing of document on MS-Word & Excel
- Posting of payment made on Dac-Esay
Subscription Data Analyst
Independent Newspapers Limited
2005 to January 2010
General typing of documents on Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel/ Receiving Calls and checking mails.
- Collection of Subscriber's money from sales reps, payment and collection of receipt from account
department.
- Collation & record tracking of subscribers expired period within Lagos & Outside the State. Updating of
Subscribers account both Lagos and Outside Lagos and writing of Sales reports every week- Issuing of invoice and mailing to remind subscribers when their subscription period and money will
expire.
- Preparation of freelance performance every month and preparing their commission weekly and ensuring
payment of it to them.
OmegaBank Plc
2004 to February 2005
Saka
Tinubu, Victoria Island.
Position held: Industrial Attachment (Strategic & Training Dept)
- General typing of document
- Updating of trainees records
- Submitting of training form to Industrial Training Fund.
Education
HND in Accounting
Lagos City Polytechnic
2011
The Federal Polytechnic Ede
2003
Centinel Institute of Computer  - Lagos
1997
Diploma
Alimosho Grammar School  - Lagos
1996